# Milestone 2 Part 2: Open Loop Systems
Believe it or not, up to this point, any time that you have wanted to control your LED color or brightness, you have been attempting to control an Open Loop System. Basically, when your code states that you want a certain brightness or even a duty cycle, you are going on blind faith that the output is actually what you intended it to be. If something seemed off, you probably went back into the code and tweaked some values. In the case of actual Systems and Control Theory, YOU are the feedback loop, providing some corrective signal to the system to help obtain a closer output -- we will deal with this in the Milestone later. For now, we need to focus on system modeling to get a system to a desirable state. For this section, you will be attempting to keep a voltage regulator within a specific temperature range using a DC fan that you will control. To succeed, find the minimum fan speed needed to cool the regulator such that is stays operational.

## Voltage Regulator
You will need to take a 5V regulator from the back of the lab and drop the output across a 100 ohm power resistor (1 watt should do the trick). The input to the voltage regulator will be between 15-20V. This is a range because when it is dropping a ton of voltage, it may not be able to cool off enough with just a fan. Most of the voltage regulators in the back will have a tab on the top tp which we can attach a thermistor. If provided, you can use that tab, or place a through-hole thermistor making contact to the component on your board.

## Fan Control
It will be up to you, the engineer, to decide which method you want to use to control the DC fan. Most of these fans run off of 5V, and as such can not directly be driven by your microcontroller. Depending on the type of fan you use, some can take in a PWM control signal, others will need to have the voltage be modified. Since we are not providing you with any mechanical mounts, you are free to place the fan in whatever orientation you wish, so long as it is safe to operate.

## Temperature Reading
It would be really useful to see what the temperature of your system is so you can determine the performance of your system. This can be done either by displaying the current temperature over a display, passing the information over UART, or other ways as well. Remember that UART is Asynchronous, meaning that you can send information whenever you would like from your controller back to a PC, it doesn't have to be reactionary. If you used MATLAB in the previous section, you could even plot the temperature over time which could be extremely useful in figuring out whether your system is actually working. 


## System Modeling
For starters, you need to figure out with your fan at MAX what the temperature that the voltage regulator reaches. Your thermistors/PTATs/Whatever else you want to use to measure temperature may not be calibrated, so your results may be consistently off with reality, but for now that is ok. After figuring this out, in increments of about 5C, see what fan speed you need to have to maintain that temperature. Do this until your regulator gets down to about 30C-40C, keeping a record of what your applied Duty Cycles or voltages were. Then using this information, attempt to find a transfer function between the applied input and the resulting temperature to model the system behavior. A simple way to do this is in MATLAB or Excel to plot your applied input on the x-axis, and your steady state temperature on your y-axis and attempt a line fit.

## Open Loop Control System
Next, use the above information to make a final open loop control system where a user can state at what temperature they want the regulator to be maintained, and use the microcontroller to calculate/look up the corresponding fan seeting. Do not over complicate this and make it some elaborate system. All this needs to do is some math and set a duty cycle or voltage, and display in some capacity the current temperature of the system as you are measuring it.

## Deliverables
Your README needs to contain schematics of your system, the plot of the temperature and input voltages at the 5C degree steps, and a brief talk about why you chose the processor you did along with the control technique for the fan. As always, you should include a brief description of the code you generated to run the experiment. You need to also include information on how to use your control software, including what inputs it is expecting and what range of values you are expecting. At this time you are not going to need to user-proof the system, but you will for the milestone, so keep it in the back of your head.

### What your README and code do not need
For starters, note the fact you're being asked to do this with only one board. You also do not need to provide all of your code in the README, just articulate what is functionally going on while showing off any functions you may have made.

Your code *DOES NOT* need to perform any sort of closed loop control. Save that for Part 3. This means that your system does not need to try to actively change the fan speed without your help. You are going to essentially make your microcontroller one big Convert-o-Box to turn a desired temperature into a controllable signal, and then be able to read a temperature.
